Description

The Solution Locator contains a list of vendors with a description, a web
address, a logo and contact data. Vendors are organized into

1. elite and preferred providers
2. categories

Each vendor is either an elite or a preferred solution provider. Each vendor
may be in one or more category.

The Solution Locator page shows a collage of vendors, by default it shows all
vendors. At the top there's a select box with categories. Upon selecting a
category, only vendors that offer services in that particular sphere are shown.

Under the collage there's a list with details about each vendor. For each
vendor there's a checkbox "Have this vendor contact me". When clicking on the
button "Contact Me" at the bottom of the page, the user is asked to enter his
contact information and the question he has to the vendor. Clicking submit will
send an email to all previously selected vendors, asking the vendor to contact
the user. Additionally the contact request will be saved in the database for
later reference.


Managing the Solution Locator in the Backend

There are Sponsor, Sponsor Category and Contact Request records. Make sure to
check the "Show secondary options (palettes)" checkbox at the bottom of the
page in order for all fields to show.


Explanation of Sponsor record

Hide: If checked, unconditionally hide this sponsor in the frontend. Useful if
sponsor information is not complete yet.
Start, Stop: You may choose to show a sponsor only starting with a certain
date, only until a certain date or only in a certain time frame.
Access: ignore
Company Title: This is not shown in the frontend. It's used to identify the
sponsor records in the backend list view.
Description: The description of the vendors services / products shown in the
list view in the frontend.
Website URL: URL of the website of the vendor.
Contact Email: Email address that contact requests are sent to.
Contact Name: Name used to address the vendor contact person in the contact
request email.
Services offered: List of services / products this vendor offers. See also
Sponsor Category record below.
Selected: ignore
Sorting weight: Preferred or Elite provider. Elite providers are shown first in
the frontend under the respective heading. No other impact.
Frontend owner-user: ignore
Logo: Company logo. Shown in the collage and in the list view in the frontend.
Should not be too large (concerning both file size and image dimensions)

The rest of the fields can be ignored for now.


Explanation of Sponsor Category record

These records contain just one field, "Title". You can rename existing
categories or add new ones. All categories that are not hidden will appear in
the category select box in the frontend. Assign categories to sponsors in the
"Services offered" field in Sponsor records.


Explanation of Contact Request record

Contact Request records are not meant to be edited or created in the backend,
but you may delete them at will. They are created just for reference. They
contain all user input of the contact form and the vendors this contact request
went to.


Configuration

The Solution Locator provides some configuration parameters concerning
templates and contact email parameters. They are set as TypoScript records in
the template record. Look at /BrainStorm Group/BPMInstitute.org/ with the
Web->Template module and edit the Setup field. At the bottom of the text area
you will see the following lines:

plugin.tx_t3consultancies_pi1.overrideVendorAddress = rob@bpminstitute.org
plugin.tx_t3consultancies_pi1.Bcc = 

All parameters have to be prefixed with plugin.tx_t3consultancies_pi1. The
following parameters exist:

templateFile: pointer to a file with the template for the front-end solution
locator page
contactTemplateFile: pointer to a file with the template for the contact form
page
thankYouTemplateFile: pointer to a file wiht the template for the thank you
page
emailTemplateFile: pointer to a file with the template for the contact email
overrideVendorAddress: if set, instead of emailing vendors all contact request
emails are sent to this address instead
Bcc: if set, send a blind carbon copy of all contact request emails to this
address. can be set to more than one address, in which case the addresses have
to be separated by commas. Example: 

plugin.tx_t3consultancies_pi1:Bcc = sales@example.com, marketing@example.com
